A. relax
B. bring concept into awareness, observe gently
C. shift to another concept, shift to relation
D. merge the concepts, reflect
E. sit with the synergy but still

1. definition, what does point to, what's the most esential quality
2. bounduary, where does it begin, where does it overlap or differ from the rest
3. conditions and context, under what conditions it changes, how it changes in different context
4. relationships and interactions, how does it interact, what emerges from relations
5. contradictions, what are those with the rest
6. assumptions, what are they, how do they make me interpret it
7. emotional response, how my body responds
8. meaning and purpose, what are those for me
9. transcending synthesis, is there a higher-level view where it all fits better, what changes in the broader context
10. reflection/insight, how it shapes my future thinking or actions

sequence - selection - loop
syngergy + temporary items
react don't act, structure the problem so the solution surfaces itself, medium aligned with the problem

A. additive (extension) vs multiplicative (modification) changes
B. most generic data (easy to add functions, continous), most concrete functions (easy to add data, instant)
C. inflexible - general, flexible - specific (handling of edge cases)
D. depth - how much context it needs (data, operations intervined) 
E. precise semantic level, bring complexity forward
F. meaning of data - how it can be transformed, coupling - understanding and modification
G. look for contaradictions, ambigouties - abstract them out, determine attributes first - abstract out structures

decide on the long term goal early on, don't get stuck on expensive goals too early - little experience time
most direct path (cost, time, risk), no inefficiency -> alternative ways or goals, playing into strenghts -> ambitous goal

1. dyspraxia (+ need of momentum), protective shell, memory hooks, warm up routines, overstimulation, discrimination
2. being able to feel when you're about to make an error
3. alignment with my goals, what i want from that

(1) equal scope, (2) independent, (3) small in scope and hence as specific and detailed and numerous as possible
specific enough it has all the physical characteristics for requirements, general it has no arbitrary characteristics; summarizes/abstracts every correct form
non-verbal point of entry into the problem, most likely for comprehension, opening/suggesting physical possibilities

a requirement diagram (functional consequences are foreseeable) and a form diagram (contains physical implications) at the same time

clusters of variables that are as connected, internally belonging together, as possible (dealing with same particular conflict or for concurrence)
solution and context (demands on the solution, diagram of forces) are complementary, and the fitness between them is determined by handling of misfits (negative requirements)
self-organizing produces the well fitting forms, subsystem by subsystem, independently, quickly, preceeding the drift, with no way for disturbances to spread
tradition holds the rest of variables steady
the name of a class (all the elements it refers to) of objects or what it means (in terms of other concepts at the same level)
variables interact if and only if the designer can find some conceptual model which makes sense to him and tells him why
which kinds of extraneous circumstances are likely to upset the regularity and which are not
we must construct it, put it in contact with the context, and probe for misfits 
